PSMDB-1438-OIDC-8.0 (#997)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/authentication.md

    MongoDB Documentation: [Kerberos Authentication](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/core/kerberos/)

## OIDC / OAuth 2.0 authentication and authorization

> Percona Server for MongoDB supports OpenID Connect (OIDC) as an authentication mechanism which extends the OAuth 2.0 authorization framework. You can configure SSO for Percona Server for MongoDB using an external IP provider so that users and applications are authenticated and authorized without sharing their credentials. As a result you streamline authentication and authorization flow and increase security within your system.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Percona Server for MongoDB supports OpenID Connect (OIDC) as an authentication mechanism that extends the OAuth 2.0 authorization framework. You can configure SSO for Percona Server for MongoDB using an external Identity Provider (IdP) so that users and applications are authenticated and authorized without sharing their credentials with MongoDB clients. As a result, you streamline authentication and authorization flow and increase security within your system.  
```

> This functionality is available with [Percona Server for MongoDB Pro](psmdb-pro.md). [Reach out to us](https://www.percona.com/about/contact) to become a Percona Customer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is built only with [Percona Server for MongoDB Pro](psmdb-pro.md). To become a Percona customer, [Reach out to us](https://www.percona.com/about/contact). Alternatively, you can also build PSMDB with OIDC feature from sources without a Percona subscription.
```

Reviewer 2: @radoslawszulgo, I heard that using the `PSMDB` acronym is discouraged in public speaking or writing. Also, both the @nastena1606's and @radoslawszulgo's versions have a logical omission: it is not stated that prebuilt Pro is available only for customers. What do you think about the following wording?
```suggestion
This feature is included only in [Percona Server for MongoDB Pro](psmdb-pro.md). One can obtain Percona Server for MongoDB Pro either by [becoming a Percona Customer](https://www.percona.com/about/contact) or by building the binaries on their own.
```

Author: Updated the wording
